ASP timeout migration tool documentation (#5206)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/tools/migrate-to-native-delivery.md

NOTE: The listed endpoints will be in the escaped format that is used to prefix the endpoints timeout table.

For Azure Storage Persistence (`asp`) persistence:

- `--source`: The connection string to the Azure Storage Account

> - `--endpoint`(Mandatory): The endpoint to migrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--endpoint`(Mandatory): The endpoint to migrate
```

Reviewer: we either use dots everywhere or nowhere, so added suggestions to remove them

- `--timeoutTableName`: The timeout table name to migrate timeouts from

> - `--partitionKeyScope`: The partition key scope format to be used. Must follow the pattern of starting with year, month and day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--partitionKeyScope`: The partition key scope format to be used. Must follow the pattern of starting with year, month and day
```

For example in order to migrate timeouts from SQL Persistence to SqlServer transport the following command could be used:

```
 migrate-timeouts --endpoint EndpointA sqlp --source "SOURCECONNECTIONSTRING" --dialect MsSqlServer sqlt --target "TARGETCONNECTIONSTRING"
```

to migrate from SQL Persistence to RabbitMQ transport the following command could be issued:

```
 migrate-timeouts --endpoint EndpointA sqlp --source "SOURCECONNECTIONSTRING" --dialect MsSqlServer rabbitmq --target "amqp://username:password@host:port"
```

to migrate from SQL Persistence to Azure Storage Queues transport the following command could be issued:

```
 migrate-timeouts --endpoint EndpointA sqlp --source "SOURCECONNECTIONSTRING" --dialect MsSqlServer asq --target "UseDevelopmentStorage=true"
```

> For example in order to migrate timeouts from Azure Storage Persistence to SqlServer transport the following command could be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in order to migrate timeouts from Azure Storage Persistence to SqlServer transport the following command could be used:
```

`SELECT * FROM TimeoutData_migration_{MigrationRunId}`

This will show all the timeouts and to which batch they belong and also that status of that batch, `0=Pending`, `1=Staged` and `2=Completed`.

### Azure Storage persistence

To list the history and status of migrations open up the `timeoutsmigrationtoolstate` Azure Table inside the Storage Explorer.

> The migrated timeouts as well as their status can be inspected in the `timeoutsmigration` Azure Table. This will show all the timeouts and to which batch they belong and also that status of that batch, `0=Pending`, `1=Staged` and `2=Completed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migrated timeouts as well as their status can be inspected in the `timeoutsmigration` Azure Table. This will show all the timeouts, to which batch they belong, and its status: `0=Pending`, `1=Staged` and `2=Completed`.
```

Author: I think we should apply then the same slightly higher above. I like the suggestion

> To list all timeouts that have been transferred from the endpoints timeout table into the `timeoutsmigration` table execute the following query and adjust the partition key cut off time accordingly. In order to avoid querying the additional timeout data inside the table scope the partition key to cutoff time plus a hundred years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list all timeouts that have been transferred from the endpoints timeout table into the `timeoutsmigration` table, execute the following query and adjust the partition key cut-off time accordingly. In order to avoid querying the additional timeout data inside the table, scope the partition key to cutoff time plus a hundred years.
```

```
PartitionKey ge '2021-02-09' and PartitionKey le '2121-02-09' and OwningTimeoutManager ge '__hidden__' and PartitionKey le '__hidden_`'
```

To list all not yet migrated timeouts for a given endpoint use the following query:

```
PartitionKey ge '2021-02-09' and PartitionKey le '2121-02-09' and OwningTimeoutManager eq 'endpointname'
```

> adjust the partition key cut off time and the endpoint name accordingly. In order to avoid querying the additional timeout data inside the table scope the partition key to cutoff time plus a hundred years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust the partition key cut-off time and the endpoint name accordingly. In order to avoid querying the additional timeout data inside the table, scope the partition key to cut-off time plus a hundred years.
```
